Today, 7/27/2024 at 10:29 AM, I remembered fear, anxiety, love, and the need to open myself up. 

Welcome to the README Project, I am using GitHub as it is a platform I am familiar with, and know how to navigate, as well as the fact that if I were to choose to do so, I could make a full website out of this. Firstly, why the name "README Project?" For those of you who don't know, a "README" file is generally a .md or .txt, etc. file that displays the need to know information about a program, repository, project, etc. I had a thought earlier today while about someone who I love, but have difficulty understanding sometimes; and the thought was: "Why can't people have a README?" I chewed on it for a moment, really processing the idea, and I came to the conclusion that literally making a README for an entire human being would be a really interesting thought experiment. So, I created what you are now reading, known as the README Project; a hopefully massive, extensive repo that contains all of the need to know information about... me. So not only does could this help people to understand me a little bit better, and build a fundamental level of trust, but it also helps me to put my thoughts on paper (metaphorical paper that is, or I suppose digital, wtv) so that I can process those thoughts in a straight forward way. The goal of this project is transparency, so with that said, there are some rules I am setting for myself: 1. I cannot delete, backspace, anything that I write down in any entry except for blatant typos. 2. Any time I make a commit, I will be using a single spotify playlist linked here: [https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4cuAaZElDxxvamflJiQ59Z?si=22510e4164c94fa3] that I will never remove songs from, only add; which allows people to see when I added said songs, and compare that to the dates of the entries they're curious of, and see what I was listening to, in order to further their understanding of my mindset at the time. As well, if at any point I need to talk about a specific person, I will use a codename for them, so as to not reveal anything about that person they wouldn't want shared. Finally, on some of the entries I will also attach audio files, reading the entry itself; my reasoning is this: I am very much the kind of person that can really only process conversations or, interactions such as these, when I can hear tone as that denotes a certain level of agreeability, forethought, sincerity or what have you, and in my mind, if I request that from people I should really do the give that out as well as well, that's just the agreeable thing to do. So, onto the knitty gritty of this project. Throughout this project, in every single entry, you will see the first line is always; "Today [Date] at [Time], I remembered [Subject or cause of the entry]" even on this introduction page. This first line is meant as a title, a summary, and a reminder; for myself and anyone who reads these commits. Then, once the entirety of the body is finished, you will see a line at the end that looks something like this; "Today [Date] at [Time], I forgot [Subject and or cause of the entry], and it took me [Time elapsed since remembering]." The point of these two lines, at the top and bottom of every entry, is to show the journey from the origin of a train of thought, to the end; how long it took to process, and everything that went through my mind in that time period, be it 60 seconds or even 60 days. I will post whenever I have a thought that is something I need to process, so there won't be anything like; "Today [date] at [time] I remembered to buy milk" or anything that I deem to be inately trivial, in whatever sense. But, understand this, not everything in this project is meant to be taken at face value, take for example, "Today I forgot"; that is not to say I forgot what it is what I was writing about as soon as I finished the entry, moreso to say, perhaps in one instance I forgot why I needed to feel so negatively on the subject matter, or I released the thoughts from their hold on me; it is subjective, take from it what you will, but never assume. This entire project, at a fundamental level, is meant to be an open book into the raw of my mind, the darkness I dane not to look upon, the happiness I fear to feel; screaming out to you, the reader, Read Me. So, again I say, welcome friend; and enjoy the show. 

Today [7/27/2024] at [3:35 PM] I forgot fear, anxiety, love, and the need to open myself up, and it took me [5hrs | 6m].
